[2.3] Release-note updates from release review (#6038)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-2.3.md

User accounts with the `is_staff` flag set can access a new worker status page at `/worker-status/` to view the status of the Celery worker(s) and the configured queues. The link to this page appears in the "User" dropdown at the bottom of the navigation menu, under the link to the "Profile" page. Use this page with caution as it runs a live query against the Celery worker(s) and may impact performance of your web service.

### Changed

#### Changed TreeManager Default Behavior ([#5786](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5786))

The `TreeManager` class (used for tree-models such as Location, RackGroup, and TenantGroup) default behavior has changed from `with_tree_fields` to `without_tree_fields`. This should improve performance in many cases but may impact Apps or Jobs that were relying on the old default; such code should be updated to explicitly call `.with_tree_fields()` where appropriate.

#### Consolidated Detail View Action Buttons with a Dropdown Menu ([#5871](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5871))

Consolidate common standard action buttons (those at the top right) in all detail views with a bootstrap split button dropdown.

> 

Author: If we're going to call this one out, we should probably also call out #5870 and #5869 as well, probably in a single section titled something like "UI Button Consolidation"

Author: ```suggestion
#### Consolidated UI Buttons ([#5869](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5869), [#5870](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5870), [#5871](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5871))

Various button groups in the "object list" and "object detail" views have been consolidated following a common UI pattern of a single button for the most common action plus a popup menu for less common actions.
```

Reviewer: Oops sorry just saw this and pushed up a new commit. Lmk if the new change is acceptable?

Author: I don't think users care that it's a `bootstrap split button dropdown` specifically, my reword above was an attempt to make it a little less jargony. LMK.

As an additional enhancement, the `LogsCleanup` Job can also be used to cleanup `JobResult` records if desired as well.

#### UI Button Consolidation ([#5869](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5869), [#5870](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5870), [#5871](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5871))

> Consolidate list view bulk action buttons, list view standard action buttons and detail view standard action buttons with bootstrap split button dropdowns.

Author: ```suggestion
Various button groups in the "object list" and "object detail" views have been consolidated following a common UI pattern of a single button for the most common action plus a popup menu for less common actions.
```
